docs: useCategoryTree and useCategory (#350)
vuestorefront/bigcommerce: docs/composables/use-category.md

## Features

> `useCategory` composable is responsible for fetching a single category data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `useCategory` composable is used to fetch single category data.
```

## API

> - `search` - the main querying function used to query category from the BigCommerce platform and populate the `category` object with the result. This method accepts a single `searchParams` param.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `search` - the main querying function used to query the category data and populate the `category` object with the result. It accepts a single object as a parameter.  See the [CategorySearchParams](../reference/api/bigcommerce.categorysearchparams.md) interface for more information.
```

  ```typescript
  const search = async (searchParams: CategorySearchParams): Promise<void>
  ```

> 
>   See [CategorySearchParams](../reference/api/bigcommerce.categorysearchparams.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - `category: CategorySearchResult` - the main data object that contains data of a category fetched by `search` method.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `category: CategorySearchResult` - the main data object that contains data of a category fetched by the `search` method. See the [CategorySearchResult](../reference/api/bigcommerce.categorysearchresult.md) interface for more information.
```

>   See [CategorySearchResult](../reference/api/bigcommerce.categorysearchresult.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- `loading: boolean` - a reactive object containing information about the loading state of your `search` method.

> - `error: UseCategoryErrors` - reactive object containing the error message, if `search` failed for any reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `error: UseCategoryErrors` - reactive object containing the error message, if `search` failed for any reason. See the [UseCategoryErrors](../reference/api/bigcommerce.usecategoryerrors.md) interface for more information.
```

>   See [UseCategoryErrors](../reference/api/bigcommerce.usecategoryerrors.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
